Update the AD to LDAP migration guide with a note about lazy vs automatic password rotation (#25374)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/ad/migration-guide.mdx

parameter could help mitigate applications reading stale passwords, since the parameter allows
rotation of the password if it's been rotated out-of-band within a given duration.

> ##### Lazy vs Auto password rotation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Suggest removing the heading since the entire section is a note, which will make the information stand out anyway

> ~> **Note**: The AD secrets engine "lazy rotates" the passwords on the condition that both
> the rotation period has been exceeded _AND_ the engine is receives a request for the role.
> In contrast, the LDAP secret engine automatically rotates the passwords when the
> `rotation_period` is met (client requests not required).  This difference in behaviour might
> need to be taken into account by consuming clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<Note title="Lazy rotation vs automatic rotation">

  The AD secrets engine uses **lazy rotation** for passwords. With lazy
  rotation, passwords rotate whenever the engine receives a request for a role
  whose rotation period has elapsed.
  
  The LDAP secret engine uses **automatic rotation** for passwords. With
  automatic rotation, passwords are rotated as soon as the rotation period
  elapses, without waiting for a client request.

  Clients may need to allow for longer response times when contacting engines
  that use "lazy" rotation.

</Note>
```

Style correction: write in active voice, avoid italics in favor of bolding, avoid "this" as a pronoun

parameter could help mitigate applications reading stale passwords, since the parameter allows
rotation of the password if it's been rotated out-of-band within a given duration.

<Note title="Lazy rotation vs automatic rotation">

  The AD secrets engine uses **lazy rotation** for passwords. With lazy
  rotation, passwords rotate whenever the engine receives a request for a role
  whose rotation period has elapsed.
  
  The LDAP secret engine uses **automatic rotation** for passwords. With
  automatic rotation, passwords are rotated as soon as the rotation period
  elapses, without waiting for a client request.

>   During a migration to the LDAP secret engine, this difference in behaviour
>   may need to be handled by clients.  For example, where a client assumes the
>   password does not change until its next request to Vault.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  When migrating to the LDAP secret engine, you may need to account for the
  rotation changes in your clients.  For example, if your client assumes the
  password does not change until its next request to Vault and uses the password
  to verify against other services.
```
